doc/wiki: add PMI documentation (#6212)
pmodels/mpich: doc/wiki/design/PMI.md

this interface is to provide parallel processes a standard way to communicate
with the process manager in order to figure out the parallel job environment
including how to establish communications with each other.

## Configure PMI in MPICH

### PMI versions - `--with-pmi={pmi1,pmi2,pmix}`

There are currently three varieties of PMI interfaces. PMI1, or just PMI, is
the de-facto interface supported by most process managers and MPI
implementations. It is still the current default interface for MPICH and
hydra. PMI2 is an experiemental interface with a few enhancements including
multi-threading support and separate API for job attributes. PMIx is a new
effort to extend and push PMI beyond its original purpose of bootstrapping
parallel processes.

There is no official standard documents on PMI1 and PMI2. The best references
are the respective header files, [pmi.h](../../../src/pmi/include/pmi.h) and
[pmi2.h](../../../src/pmi/include/pmi2.h).

The Flux team maintains an excellent RFC for PMI1 (that also covers wire protocol):
[Simple Process Manager Interface v1](https://flux-framework.readthedocs.io/projects/flux-rfc/en/latest/spec_13.html).

> PMIx is covered by the official [PMIx Standard](https://pmix.github.io/standard),
> currently a whopping 609 pages!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PMIx is covered by the official [PMIx Standard](https://pmix.github.io/standard).
```

MPICH can be configured to use any of the PMI interfaces. By default it will

> use PMI1, which is still with the most feature complete and stable
> implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use PMI1, which is our most feature complete and stable
implementation.
```

### PMI library - `--with-pmilib={mpich,install,slurm,cray,pmix}`

> MPICH need be linked with appropriate pmi library. The default option is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MPICH needs to be linked with an appropriate pmi library. The default option is
```

> `--with-pmilib=mpich`, with which, we use embedded library that is shipped

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--with-pmilib=mpich`, with which, we use an embedded library that is shipped
```

with MPICH. The option `install` will use the same library from MPICH but
will build `libpmi` separately and link to it. This is useful if swapping

> libpmi at runtime is desirable. The options "slurm" will look for libpmi or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
libpmi at runtime is desirable. The option "slurm" will look for libpmi or
```

Author: Thanks! All applied.
